Updates to match docs-tools changes. (#789)
beeware/beeware.github.io: docs/en/contributing/guide/how/dev-environment.md

# Setting up a development environment

> Contributing to BeeWare requires you to pick a project and set up a development environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps for setting up a development environment vary depending on the project you're contributing to. Choose from the following:
```

* [Briefcase](https://briefcase.beeware.org/en/stable/how-to/contribute/how/dev-environment/)
* [Toga](https://toga.beeware.org/en/stable/how-to/contribute/how/dev-environment/)

> * [Rubicon Objective-C](https://rubicon-objc.beeware.org/en/stable/how-to/contribute/how/dev-environment/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Rubicon Objective-C](https://rubicon-objc.beeware.org/en/stable/how-to/contribute/how/dev-environment/)

If the repository you want to contribute to isn't on this list, follow the development guide for the most relevant project. For example, if you want to work on a Briefcase template repository, you should follow the guide for Briefcase.
```
